I'm van Ackerman and we are taking a
look at the HP pavilion 14 Chromebook
that's right even though this looks and
feels a lot like a regular midsize
laptop it's actually a Chromebook that's
one of a very small group of laptops
that runs Google's Chrome operating
system which is essentially the Chrome
browser and a couple of very shallow you
know on board features a very
rudimentary file system you can see some
apps right here google calls and apps a
lot of times they're really just online
versions of popular software or websites
that are specifically designed to work
with the chrome operating system now
some Chromebooks we've looked at are
less expensive $300 two hundred fifty
dollars this is 329 it for that you get
an intel celeron processor you get 16
gigs of online of on-board storage which
is not really a lot but some Chromebooks
are also much more expensive google has
their pixel version which is like twelve
hundred dollars with a big retina
display screen this guy kind of sits a
little bit uncomfortably in the middle
not the least expensive not the most
fully featured but it is probably the
easiest to use in terms of having a
full-size keyboard and a full size
screen although it's not a touchscreen
and a touch pad that's you know okay
good for scrolling but not but not super
high-end because this is a 300 our
laptop so the keyboard is going to be
kind of classy touch pant is not going
to be as responsive as on a more
expensive system the big question you
have to ask yourself moving to a
Chromebook is can I handle having to be
online ninety nine percent of the time
and doing everything to the browser if
you use let's say iTunes or photoshop or
very specific apps like that a lot then
this is not the system for you if you're
using facebook and twitter and gmail and
google docs and other tools that are
already online then there's a much more
compelling case to be made that said
much like netbooks a couple years ago or
even tablets a Chromebook does make a
better secondary or travel system then
your main 1i think if you're using this
is your main laptop every day you would
be kind of frustrated by it but for 329
for a 14 inch screen and a decent web
browsing experience you know it could be
worth a look at something to take with
you on the road i'm dan ackerman and
that is the HP billion 14 chromebook